feat(gaussdb): add data source to gaussdb metric group metrics (#9849)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/gaussdb_metric_group_metrics.md

---
subcategory: "GaussDB"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_gaussdb_instance_metric_group_name"
description: |-

>   Use this data source to query the metric names of a specified metric group for GaussDB instances within HuaweiCloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use this data source to query the metrics of a metric group within HuaweiCloud.
```

---

# huaweicloud_gaussdb_instance_metric_group_name

> Use this data source to query the metric names of a specified metric group for GaussDB instances within HuaweiCloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this data source to query the metrics of a metric group within HuaweiCloud.
```

## Example Usage

> ### Basic Usage

Reviewer: remove it

```hcl
data "huaweicloud_gaussdb_instance_metric_group_name" "test" {
  group_name = "CPUMEMORY"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the metric group names.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

* `group_name` - (Required, String) Specifies the metric group name.
  The valid values are as follows:
  + **CPUMEMORY**: CPU/memory.
  + **IOSTORAGE**: IO storage.
  + **NETWORK**: Network.
  + **CONNECTION**: Connection.
  + **TRANSACTION**: Transaction.
  + **LOCK**: Lock.
  + **SYNCSTAT**: Sync status.
  + **PROCESSRESOURCE**: Process resource.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The data source ID.

> * `group_name_resp` - The metric group name returned by the API.

Reviewer: delete it
